{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1049\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{
jiang, L. W.; suo, R. H.; Kun, H. & Jia, L. ({2009}), 
A New Algorithm of Blog-oriented Crawler
, }{\i in }{

QH Zhou, ed., 

'2009 INTERNATIONAL FORUM ON COMPUTER SCIENCE-TECHNOLOGY AND APPLICATIONS, VOL 1, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {428-431}
.
\par
\par
Adam, G.; Bouras, C. & Poulopoulos, V. ({2009}), 
Utilizing RSS feeds for crawling the Web
, }{\i in }{

H Sasaki; GO Bellot; M Ehmann & O Dini, ed., 

'2009 FOURTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTERNET AND WEB APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES'



, pp. {211-216}
.
\par
\par
Al-Gaphari, G. ({2009}), 
'Building an Efficient Indexing for Crawling the Web Site with an Efficient Spider', }{\i INTERNATIONAL ARAB JOURNAL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY}{

 }{\b {6}}{


({3})


, {264-273}
.
\par
\par
Alam, M. H.; Ha, J. & Lee, S. ({2009}), 
Fractional PageRank Crawler: Prioritizing URLs Efficiently for Crawling Important Pages Early
, }{\i in }{

X Zhou; H Yokota; K Deng & Q Liu, ed., 

'DATABASE SYSTEMS FOR ADVANCED APPLICATIONS, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {590-594}
.
\par
\par
de Assis, G. T.; Laender, A. H. F.; Goncalves, M. A. & da Silva, A. S. ({2009}), 
'A Genre-Aware Approach to Focused Crawling', }{\i WORLD WIDE WEB-INTERNET AND WEB INFORMATION SYSTEMS}{

 }{\b {12}}{


({3})


, {285-319}
.
\par
\par
Avrachenkov, K.; Dudin, A.; Klimenok, V.; Nain, P. & Semenova, O. ({2011}), 
'Optimal threshold control by the robots of web search engines with obsolescence of documents', }{\i COMPUTER NETWORKS}{

 }{\b {55}}{


({8})


, {1880-1893}
.
\par
\par
Bal, S. & Nath, R. ({2009}), 
A Novel Approach to Filter Non-Modified Pages at Remote Site without Downloading During Crawling
, }{\i in }{


'2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ADVANCES IN RECENT TECHNOLOGIES IN COMMUNICATION AND COMPUTING (ARTCOM 2009)'



, pp. {165-168}
.
\par
\par
Bank, M. & Mattes, M. ({2009}), 
Automatic User Comment Detection in Flat Internet Fora
, }{\i in }{

AM Tjoa & RR Wagner, ed., 

'PROCEEDINGS OF THE 20TH INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON DATABASE AND EXPERT SYSTEMS APPLICATION'



, pp. {373-377}
.
\par
\par
Batsakis, S.; Petrakis, E. G. M. & Milios, E. ({2009}), 
'Improving the performance of focused web crawlers', }{\i DATA & KNOWLEDGE ENGINEERING}{

 }{\b {68}}{


({10})


, {1001-1013}
.
\par
\par
Batzios, A.; Dimou, C.; Symeonidis, A. L. & Mitkas, P. A. ({2008}), 
'BioCrawler: An intelligent crawler for the semantic web', }{\i EXPERT SYSTEMS WITH APPLICATIONS}{

 }{\b {35}}{


({1-2})


, {524-530}
.
\par
\par
Cadavid Rengifo, H. F. & Gomez Perdomo, J. ({2009}), 
'Web text corpus extraction system for linguistic tasks', }{\i REVISTA INGENIERIA E INVESTIGACION}{

 }{\b {29}}{


({3})


, {54-60}
.
\par
\par
Chen, X.; Li, W.; Zhao, T. & Piao, X. ({2011}), 
Design of the Distributed Web Crawler
, }{\i in }{

H Zhang; G Shen & D Jin, ed., 

'ADVANCED RESEARCH ON INDUSTRY, INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND MATERIAL ENGINEERING, PTS 1-7'



, pp. {1454-1458}
.
\par
\par
Cheng, Q.; Beizhan, W. & Pianpian, W. ({2008}), 
Efficient Focused Crawling Strategy Using Combination of Link Structure and Content Similarity
, }{\i in }{

S Li; W Pan & J Yong, ed., 

'2008 IEEE INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON IT IN MEDICINE AND EDUCATION, VOLS 1 AND 2, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {1045-1048}
.
\par
\par
Daneshpajouh, S.; Nasir, M. M. & Ghodsi, M. ({2008}), 
A fast community based algorithm for generating web crawler seeds set
, }{\i in }{

J Cordeiro; J Filipe & S Hammoudi, ed., 

'WEBIST 2008: PROCEEDINGS OF THE FOURTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WEB INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGIES, VOL 2'



, pp. {98-105}
.
\par
\par
De Souza, R. C. F.; Caputo, G. M. & Ebecken, N. F. F. ({2009}), 
Searching relationships between enterprise websites using graph based web crawling
, }{\i in }{

A Zanasi; NFF Ebecken & CA Brebbia, ed., 

'DATA MINING X: DATA MINING, PROTECTION, DETECTION AND OTHER SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES'



, pp. {61-69}
.
\par
\par
Dixit, A. & Sharma, A. K. ({2010}), 
A Mathematical Model for Crawler Revisit Frequency
, }{\i in }{


'2010 IEEE 2ND INTERNATIONAL ADVANCE COMPUTING CONFERENCE'



, pp. {316-319}
.
\par
\par
Dong, H. & Hussain, F. K. ({2011}), 
'Focused Crawling for Automatic Service Discovery, Annotation, and Classification in Industrial Digital Ecosystems', }{\i IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS}{

 }{\b {58}}{


({6})


, {2106-2116}
.
\par
\par
Dong, H.; Hussain, F. K. & Chang, E. ({2009}), 
State of the Art in Semantic Focused Crawlers
, }{\i in }{

O Gervasi; D Taniar; B Murgante; A Lagana; Y Mun & ML Gavrilova, ed., 

'COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS - ICCSA 2009, PT II'



, pp. {910-924}
.
\par
\par
Dong, H.; Hussain, F. K. & Chang, E. ({2008}), 
A Semantic Crawler Based on an Extended CBR Algorithm
, }{\i in }{

R Meersman; Z Tari & P Herrero, ed., 

'ON THE MOVE TO MEANINGFUL INTERNET SYSTEMS: OTM 2008 WORKSHOPS'



, pp. {1076-1085}
.
\par
\par
Dong, H.; Hussain, F. K. & Chang, E. ({2008}), 
State of the Art in Metadata Abstraction Crawlers
, }{\i in }{


'2008 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY, VOLS 1-5'



, pp. {1404-1409}
.
\par
\par
Doran, D. & Gokhale, S. S. ({2011}), 
'Web robot detection techniques: overview and limitations', }{\i DATA MINING AND KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY}{

 }{\b {22}}{


({1-2})


, {183-210}
.
\par
\par
Duda, C.; Frey, G.; Kossmann, D.; Matter, R. & Zhou, C. ({2009}), 
AJAX Crawl: Making AJAX Applications Searchable
, }{\i in }{


'ICDE: 2009 IEEE 25TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON DATA ENGINEERING, VOLS 1-3'



, pp. {78-89}
.
\par
\par
Eno, J.; Gauch, S. & Thompson, C. ({2009}), 
Intelligent Crawling in Virtual Worlds
, }{\i in }{

R BaezaYates; B Berendt; E Bertino; EP Lim & G Pasi, ed., 

'2009 IEEE/WIC/ACM INTERNATIONAL JOINT CONFERENCES ON WEB INTELLIGENCE (WI) AND INTELLIGENT AGENT TECHNOLOGIES (IAT), VOL 3'



, pp. {555-558}
.
\par
\par
Ezzat, D.; Abdeen, M. & Tolba, M. F. ({2009}), 
A Memory Efficient Approach for Crawling Language Specific Web: The Arabic Web as a Case Study
, }{\i in }{


'2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION MANAGEMENT AND ENGINEERING, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {584-587}
.
\par
\par
Fan, H.; Zeng, G. & Li, X. ({2009}), 
Crawling Strategy of Focused Crawler Based on Niche Genetic Algorithm
, }{\i in }{

B Yang; W Zhu; Y Dai; LT Yang & J Ma, ed., 

'EIGHTH IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON DEPENDABLE, AUTONOMIC AND SECURE COMPUTING, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {591-594}
.
\par
\par
Figuerola, C. G.; Gomez Diaz, R.; Alonso Berrocal, J. L. & Zazo Rodriguez, A. F. ({2011}), 
Web Document Duplicate Detection Using Fuzzy Hashing
, }{\i in }{

JM Corchado; JB Perez; K Hallenborg; P Golinska & R Corchuelo, ed., 

'TRENDS IN PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS OF AGENTS AND MULTIAGENTS SYSTEMS'



, pp. {117-125}
.
\par
\par
Fu, T.; Abbasi, A. & Chen, H. ({2010}), 
'A Focused Crawler for Dark Web Forums', }{\i JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY}{

 }{\b {61}}{


({6})


, {1213-1231}
.
\par
\par
Galaz, V.; Crona, B.; Daw, T.; Bodin, O.; Nystrom, M. & Olsson, P. ({2010}), 
'Can web crawlers revolutionize ecological monitoring?', }{\i FRONTIERS IN ECOLOGY AND THE ENVIRONMENT}{

 }{\b {8}}{


({2})


, {99-104}
.
\par
\par
Gao, Q.; Xiao, B.; Lin, Z.; Chen, X. & Zhou, B. ({2009}), 
A HIGH-PRECISION FORUM CRAWLER BASED ON VERTICAL CRAWLING
, }{\i in }{

J Guo, ed., 

'2009 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE AND DIGITAL CONTENT, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {362-367}
.
\par
\par
Gao, Z.; Du, Y.; Yi, L.; Peng, Q. & Yang, Y. ({2009}), 
Incrementally Updating Concept Context Graph(CCG) for Focused Web Crawling Based on FCA
, }{\i in }{

L Qi, ed., 

'2009 ASIA-PACIFIC CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION PROCESSING (APCIP 2009), VOL 2, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {40-43}
.
\par
\par
Ghozia, A.; Sorour, H. & Aboshosha, A. ({2008}), 
Improved focused crawling using Bayesian object based approach
, }{\i in }{

ME Nasr; AM Ragheb; EE Bedeer & EA ElKhouly, ed., 

'PROCEEDINGS OF THE 25TH NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE CONFERENCE: NRSC 2008'


.
\par
\par
Gupta, P. & Johari, K. ({2009}), 
IMPLEMENTATION OF WEB CRAWLER
, }{\i in }{


'2009 SECOND INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON EMERGING TRENDS IN ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY (ICETET 2009)'



, pp. {775-780}
.
\par
\par
Haense, M.; Kan, M.-Y. & Karduck, A. P. ({2010}), 
Kairos: Proactive Harvesting of Research Paper Metadata from Scientific Conference Web Sites
, }{\i in }{

G Chowdhury; C Koo & J Hunter, ed., 

'ROLE OF DIGITAL LIBRARIES IN A TIME OF GLOBAL CHANGE'



, pp. {226-235}
.
\par
\par
Harrington, B.; Brazile, R. & Swigger, K. ({2009}), 
'A practical method for browsing a relational database using a standard search engine', }{\i INTEGRATED COMPUTER-AIDED ENGINEERING}{

 }{\b {16}}{


({3})


, {211-223}
.
\par
\par
Huitema, P. & Fizzano, P. ({2010}), 
A Crawler for Local Search
, }{\i in }{

L Berntzen; F Bodendorf; E Lawrence; M Perry & A Smedberg, ed., 

'FOURTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON DIGITAL SOCIETY: ICDS 2010, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {86-91}
.
\par
\par
Ibrahim, S. N. A.; Selamat, A. & Selamat, M. H. ({2008}), 
Scalable e-business social network using MultiCrawler agent
, }{\i in }{


'2008 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER AND COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING, VOLS 1-3'



, pp. {702-706}
.
\par
\par
Jiang, H.; Han, B.; Lin, Y.; Zuo, D. & Ge, Y. X. ({2009}), 
Design and Implementation of University Focused Crawler Based on BP Network Classifier
, }{\i in }{

Q Luo & M Gong, ed., 

'WKDD: 2009 SECOND INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY AND DATA MINING, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {44-47}
.
\par
\par
Jiang, L.; Wu, Z.; Feng, Q.; Liu, J. & Zheng, Q. ({2010}), 
Efficient Deep Web Crawling Using Reinforcement Learning
, }{\i in }{

MJ Zaki; JX Yu; B Ravindran & V Pudi, ed., 

'ADVANCES IN KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY AND DATA MINING, PT I, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {428-439}
.
\par
\par
Jung, J. J. ({2009}), 
'Using evolution strategy for cooperative focused crawling on semantic web', }{\i NEURAL COMPUTING & APPLICATIONS}{

 }{\b {18}}{


({3})


, {213-221}
.
\par
\par
Kaewmarin, V.; Arch-int, N. & Arch-int, S. ({2008}), 
Semantic Web Service Discovery and Integration using Service Search Crawler
, }{\i in }{

M Mohammadian, ed., 

'2008 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL INTELLIGENCE FOR MODELLING CONTROL & AUTOMATION, VOLS 1 AND 2'



, pp. {884-888}
.
\par
\par
Khalilian, M.; Boroujeni, F. Z. & Mustapha, N. ({2010}), 
Improving Performance in Constructing specific Web Directory using Focused Crawler: An Experiment on Botany Domain
, }{\i in }{

K Elleithy, ed., 

'ADVANCES TECHNIQUES IN COMPUTING SCIENCES AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING'



, pp. {461-466}
.
\par
\par
Kim, G.-J.; Whang, K.-Y.; Kim, M.-S.; Lim, H.-S.; Lee, K.-H. & Lee, B. S. ({2009}), 
An Incremental Clustering Crawler for Community-Limited Search
, }{\i in }{


'2009 SECOND INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON THE APPLICATIONS OF DIGITAL INFORMATION AND WEB TECHNOLOGIES (ICADIWT 2009)'



, pp. {438-445}
.
\par
\par
Kovaievic, M. & Davidson, C. H. ({2008}), 
'Crawling the construction web - A machine-learning approach without negative examples', }{\i APPLIED ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE}{

 }{\b {22}}{


({5})


, {459-482}
.
\par
\par
Kozanidis, L. ({2008}), 
An ontology-based focused crawler
, }{\i in }{

E Kapetanios; V Sugumaran & M Spiliopoulou, ed., 

'NATURAL LANGUAGE AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {376-379}
.
\par
\par
Kozanidis, L.; Stamou, S. & Spiros, G. ({2009}), 
FOCUSING WEB CRAWLS ON LOCATION-SPECIFIC CONTENT
, }{\i in }{

J Filipe & J Cordeiro, ed., 

'WEBIST 2009: PROCEEDINGS OF THE FIFTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WEB INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGIES'



, pp. {244-249}
.
\par
\par
Lee, H.-T.; Leonard, D.; Wang, X. & Loguinov, D. ({2009}), 
'IRLbot: Scaling to 6 Billion Pages and Beyond', }{\i ACM TRANSACTIONS ON THE WEB}{

 }{\b {3}}{


({3})

.
\par
\par
Lee, J.; Cha, S.; Lee, D. & Lee, H. ({2009}), 
'Classification of web robots: An empirical study based on over one billion requests', }{\i COMPUTERS & SECURITY}{

 }{\b {28}}{


({8})


, {795-802}
.
\par
\par
Lewandowski, D. ({2008}), 
'A three-year study on the freshness of web search engine databases', }{\i JOURNAL OF INFORMATION SCIENCE}{

 }{\b {34}}{


({6})


, {817-831}
.
\par
\par
Liang, H.; Ren, F. & Zu, W. ({2009}), 
The Preliminary Process of Modeling in Deep Web Information Fusion System
, }{\i in }{

QH Zhou, ed., 

'2009 INTERNATIONAL FORUM ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND APPLICATIONS, VOL 1, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {723-726}
.
\par
\par
Liu, D. & Fan, X. ({2011}), 
Study And Application of Web Crawler Algorithm Based on Heritrix
, }{\i in }{

H Zhang; G Shen & D Jin, ed., 

'ADVANCED RESEARCH ON INFORMATION SCIENCE, AUTOMATION AND MATERIAL SYSTEM, PTS 1-6'



, pp. {1069-1072}
.
\par
\par
Liu, J.; Chen, H.; Furuse, K. & Ohbo, N. ({2009}), 
Extracting Related Words from Anchor Text Clusters by Focusing on the Page Designer's Intention
, }{\i in }{

SS Bhowmick; J Kung & R Wagner, ed., 

'DATABASE AND EXPERT SYSTEMS APPLICATIONS, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {451-459}
.
\par
\par
Luong, H. P.; Gauch, S. & Wang, Q. ({2009}), 
Ontology-based Focused Crawling
, }{\i in }{

A Kusiak & SG Lee, ed., 

'INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION, PROCESS, AND KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT: EKNOW 2009, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {123-128}
.
\par
\par
Madaan, R.; Dixit, A.; Sharma, A. K. & Bhatia, K. K. ({2010}), 
A Framework for Incremental Domain-Specific Hidden Web Crawler
, }{\i in }{

S Ranka; A Banerjee; KK Biswas; S Dua; P Mishra; R Moona; SH Poon & CL Wang, ed., 

'CONTEMPORARY COMPUTING, PT 1'



, pp. {412-422}
.
\par
\par
Mallis, R. E. & Rieske, L. K. ({2010}), 
'Web Orientation and Prey Resources for Web-Building Spiders in Eastern Hemlock', }{\i ENVIRONMENTAL ENTOMOLOGY}{

 }{\b {39}}{


({5})


, {1466-1472}
.
\par
\par
Miranda, J. & Gomes, D. ({2009}), 
Trends in Web characteristics
, }{\i in }{


'LA-WEB: 2009 LATIN AMERICAN WEB CONGRESS'



, pp. {146-153}
.
\par
\par
Mirzal, A. ({2009}), 
PyThinSearch: A Simple Web Search Engine
, }{\i in }{


'CISIS: 2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPLEX, INTELLIGENT AND SOFTWARE INTENSIVE SYSTEMS, VOLS 1 AND 2'



, pp. {1-8}
.
\par
\par
Morishima, A.; Nakamizo, A.; Iida, T.; Sugimoto, S. & Kitagawa, H. ({2008}), 
PageChaser: A tool for the automatic correction of broken web links
, }{\i in }{


'2008 IEEE 24TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON DATA ENGINEERING, VOLS 1-3'



, pp. {1486-1488}
.
\par
\par
Nasri, M. & Sharifi, M. ({2009}), 
Load Balancing using Consistent Hashing: a Real Challenge for Large Scale Distributed Web Crawlers
, }{\i in }{


'2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ADVANCED INFORMATION NETWORKING AND APPLICATIONS WORKSHOPS: WAINA, VOLS 1 AND 2'



, pp. {715-720}
.
\par
\par
Nath, R. & Bal, S. ({2011}), 
'A Novel Mobile Crawler System Based on Filtering off Non-Modified Pages for Reducing Load on the Network', }{\i INTERNATIONAL ARAB JOURNAL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY}{

 }{\b {8}}{


({3})


, {272-279}
.
\par
\par
Patel, A. & Schmidt, N. ({2011}), 
'Application of structured document parsing to focused web crawling', }{\i COMPUTER STANDARDS & INTERFACES}{

 }{\b {33}}{


({3})


, {325-331}
.
\par
\par
Peng, T.; Zhang, C. & Zuo, W. ({2008}), 
'Tunneling enhanced by web page content block partition for focused crawling', }{\i CONCURRENCY AND COMPUTATION-PRACTICE & EXPERIENCE}{

 }{\b {20}}{


({1})


, {61-74}
.
\par
\par
Pirkola, A. & Talvensaari, T. ({2009}), 
EVALUATING GLOBAL LINK STRUCTURE OF THE WEB FOR FOCUSED CRAWLING IN THE GENOMICS AND GENETICS DOMAINS
, }{\i in }{

L Azevedo & AR Londral, ed., 

'HEALTHINF 2009: PROCEEDINGS OF THE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON HEALTH INFORMATICS'



, pp. {499-502}
.
\par
\par
Pirkola, A. & Talvensaari, T. ({2009}), 
EFFECTS OF CRAWLING STRATEGIES ON THE PERFORMANCE OF FOCUSED WEB CRAWLING
, }{\i in }{

J Filipe & J Cordeiro, ed., 

'WEBIST 2009: PROCEEDINGS OF THE FIFTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WEB INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGIES'



, pp. {376-381}
.
\par
\par
Ravakhah, M. & Kamyar, M. ({2009}), 
Semantic Similarity Based Focused Crawling
, }{\i in }{


'2009 1ST INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS AND NETWORKS(CICSYN 2009)'



, pp. {448-453}
.
\par
\par
da Rocha Fernandes, A. M. & Scheidt, R. d. F. ({2009}), 
RECOVERY OF SCIENTIFIC PAPERS USING WEB CRAWLER
, }{\i in }{

A Rocha; F Restivo; LP Reis & S Torrao, ed., 

'SISTEMAS E TECHNOLOGIAS DE INFORMACAO: ACTAS DA 4A CONFERENCIA IBERICA DE SISTEMAS E TECNOLOGIAS DE LA INFORMACAO'



, pp. {203-206}
.
\par
\par
Saha, S.; Murthy, C. A. & Pal, S. K. ({2009}), 
Rough set based ensemble prediction for topic specific web crawling
, }{\i in }{

B Chanda, ed., 

'ICAPR 2009: SEVENTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ADVANCES IN PATTERN RECOGNITION, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {153-156}
.
\par
\par
Shambour, Q. & Lu, J. ({2010}), 
A RECOMMENDER SYSTEM FOR PERSONALIZED G2B E-SERVICES USING METADATA-BASED ONTOLOGY AND FOCUSED WEB CRAWLER
, }{\i in }{

K Vanhoof; D Ruan; T Li & G Wets, ed., 

'INTELLIGENT DECISION MAKING SYSTEMS'



, pp. {332-337}
.
\par
\par
Shchekotykhin, K.; Jannach, D. & Friedrich, G. ({2008}), 
xCrawl: A High-Recall Crawling Method for Web Mining
, }{\i in }{

D Gunopulos; F Turini; C Zaniolo; N Ramakrishnan & XD Wu, ed., 

'ICDM 2008: EIGHTH IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON DATA MINING, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {550-559}
.
\par
\par
Shchekotykhin, K.; Jannach, D. & Friedrich, G. ({2010}), 
'xCrawl: a high-recall crawling method for Web mining', }{\i KNOWLEDGE AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS}{

 }{\b {25}}{


({2, SI})


, {303-326}
.
\par
\par
Shettar, R. & Shobha, G. ({2008}), 
Web crawler on client machine
, }{\i in }{


'IMECS 2008: INTERNATIONAL MULTICONFERENCE OF ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS, VOLS I AND II'



, pp. {1121-1124}
.
\par
\par
Smith, A. G. ({2008}), 
'Benchmarking Google Scholar with the New Zealand PBRF research assessment exercise', }{\i SCIENTOMETRICS}{

 }{\b {74}}{


({2})


, {309-316}
.
\par
\par
Sun, J.; Gao, H. & Yang, X. ({2010}), 
Towards a Quality-Oriented Real-Time Web Crawler
, }{\i in }{

FL Wang; ZG Gong; XF Luo & JS Lei, ed., 

'WEB INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND MINING'



, pp. {67-76}
.
\par
\par
Tan, Q. & Mitra, P. ({2010}), 
'Clustering-Based Incremental Web Crawling', }{\i ACM TRANSACTIONS ON INFORMATION SYSTEMS}{

 }{\b {28}}{


({4})

.
\par
\par
Tripathy, A. & Patra, P. K. ({2008}), 
A Web Mining Architectural Model of Distributed Crawler for Internet Searches Using PageRank Algorithm
, }{\i in }{


'2008 IEEE ASIA-PACIFIC SERVICES COMPUTING CONFERENCE, VOLS 1-3, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {513-518}
.
\par
\par
Tsekouras, G. E.; Gavalas, D.; Filios, S.; Niros, A. D. & Bafaloukas, G. ({2008}), 
A Clustering Framework to Build Focused Web Crawlers for Automatic Extraction of Cultural Information
, }{\i in }{

J Darzentas; GA Vouros & A Arnellos, ed., 

'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: THEORIES, MODELS AND APPLICATIONS, SETN 2008'



, pp. {419-424}
.
\par
\par
Van de Maele, F.; Spyns, P. & Meersman, R. ({2008}), 
An Ontology-Based Crawler for the Semantic Web
, }{\i in }{

R Meersman; Z Tari & P Herrero, ed., 

'ON THE MOVE TO MEANINGFUL INTERNET SYSTEMS: OTM 2008 WORKSHOPS'



, pp. {1056-1065}
.
\par
\par
Vidal, M.; da Silva, A. S.; de Moura, E. S. & Cavalcanti, J. M. B. ({2008}), 
'Structure-based crawling in the Hidden Web', }{\i JOURNAL OF UNIVERSAL COMPUTER SCIENCE}{

 }{\b {14}}{


({11})


, {1857-1876}
.
\par
\par
Wang, C.; Guan, Z.-y.; Chen, C.; Bu, J.-j.; Wang, J.-f. & Lin, H.-z. ({2009}), 
'On-line topical importance estimation: an effective focused crawling algorithm combining link and content analysis', }{\i JOURNAL OF ZHEJIANG UNIVERSITY-SCIENCE A}{

 }{\b {10}}{


({8})


, {1114-1124}
.
\par
\par
Wei, Z.-K. & Du, J.-P. ({2008}), 
Research on several key issues about Search Engines
, }{\i in }{


'PROCEEDINGS OF 2008 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON MACHINE LEARNING AND CYBERNETICS, VOLS 1-7'



, pp. {3508-3513}
.
\par
\par
Wilde, E. & Roy, A. ({2010}), 
'WEB SITE METADATA', }{\i JOURNAL OF WEB ENGINEERING}{

 }{\b {9}}{


({4})


, {283-301}
.
\par
\par
Wu, Y.; Shou, L.; Hu, T. & Chen, G. ({2008}), 
Query Triggered Crawling Strategy: Build a Time Sensitive Vertical Search Engine
, }{\i in }{


'PROCEEDINGS OF THE 2008 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CYBERWORLDS'



, pp. {422-427}
.
\par
\par
Xiang, L. & Meng, X. ({2009}), 
A data mining approach to topic-specific web resource discovery
, }{\i in }{


'ICICTA: 2009 SECOND INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT COMPUTATION TECHNOLOGY AND AUTOMATION, VOL II, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {595-599}
.
\par
\par
Xiang, L.; Meng, X.; Yu, X. & Zhang, X. ({2009}), 
A Personalized Crawling Method Based On Concept Lattice and Data Mining
, }{\i in }{

C Zhao, ed., 

'ICAIE 2009: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND EDUCATION, VOLS 1 AND 2'



, pp. {15-21}
.
\par
\par
Xiang, L.; Meng, X. & Zhang, X. ({2010}), 
IMPROVING USER CONTENT BY PERSONALIZED CRAWLING
, }{\i in }{

K Vanhoof; D Ruan; T Li & G Wets, ed., 

'INTELLIGENT DECISION MAKING SYSTEMS'



, pp. {233-239}
.
\par
\par
Xiaoqing, C. & Chun, Y. ({2009}), 
An Evolutionary Relevance Calculation Measure in Topic Crawler
, }{\i in }{

Q Luo; J Yi & C Bin, ed., 

'2009 ISECS INTERNATIONAL COLLOQUIUM ON COMPUTING, COMMUNICATION, CONTROL, AND MANAGEMENT, VOL IV'



, pp. {267-270}
.
\par
\par
Xu, X.; Zhang, W.; Zhang, H. & Fang, B. ({2010}), 
'Efficient Distributed Web Crawling Utilizing Internet Resources', }{\i IEICE TRANSACTIONS ON INFORMATION AND SYSTEMS}{

 }{\b {E93D}}{


({10})


, {2747-2762}
.
\par
\par
Xu, X.; Zhang, W.; Zhang, H. & Fang, B. ({2010}), 
'Exploring Web Partition in DHT-Based Distributed Web Crawling', }{\i IEICE TRANSACTIONS ON INFORMATION AND SYSTEMS}{

 }{\b {E93D}}{


({11})


, {2907-2921}
.
\par
\par
Yang, J.-M.; Cai, R.; Wang, C.; Huang, H.; Zhang, L. & Ma, W.-Y. ({2009}), 
Incorporating Site-Level Knowledge for Incremental Crawling of Web Forums: A List-wise Strategy
, }{\i in }{


'KDD-09: 15TH ACM SIGKDD CONFERENCE ON KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY AND DATA MINING'



, pp. {1375-1383}
.
\par
\par
Yang, L.; Liu, F.; Kizza, J. M. & Ege, R. K. ({2009}), 
Discovering Topics from Dark Websites
, }{\i in }{


'IEEE SYMPOSIUM ON COMPUTATIONAL INTELLIGENCE IN CYBER SECURITY'



, pp. {175-179}
.
\par
\par
Yang, S.-Y. ({2009}), 
'OntoPortal: An ontology-supported portal architecture with linguistically enhanced and focused crawler technologies', }{\i EXPERT SYSTEMS WITH APPLICATIONS}{

 }{\b {36}}{


({6})


, {10148-10157}
.
\par
\par
Yang, Y.; Du, Y.; Hai, Y. & Gao, Z. ({2009}), 
A Topic-Specific Web Crawler with Web Page Hierarchy Based on HTML Dom-Tree
, }{\i in }{

L Qi, ed., 

'2009 ASIA-PACIFIC CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION PROCESSING (APCIP 2009), VOL 1, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {420-423}
.
\par
\par
Yang, Y.; Du, Y.; Sun, J. & Hai, Y. ({2008}), 
A Topic-Specific Web Crawler with Concept Similarity Context Graph Based on FCA
, }{\i in }{

DS Huang; DC Wunsch; DS Levine & KH Jo, ed., 

'ADVANCED INTELLIGENT COMPUTING THEORIES AND APPLICATIONS, PROCEEDINGS: WITH ASPECTS OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE'



, pp. {840-847}
.
\par
\par
Yong, L.; Yongguo, H. & Yong, J. ({2009}), 
Research on Sharing and Aggregating of Web Learning Materials Based on GRDDL and Topic-Oriented Crawler
, }{\i in }{


'2009 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND COMPUTER SCIENCE, VOL 1, PROCEEDINGS'



, pp. {460-463}
.
\par
\par
Youzeng, W. & Jinbao, W. ({2009}), 
Topical Crawler Technology Based on Reinforcement Learning
, }{\i in }{

YX Yang, ed., 

'PROCEEDINGS OF 2009 CONFERENCE ON COMMUNICATION FACULTY'



, pp. {607-610}
.
\par
\par
Zhang, H. & Lu, J. ({2010}), 
'SCTWC: An online semi-supervised clustering approach to topical web crawlers', }{\i APPLIED SOFT COMPUTING}{

 }{\b {10}}{


({2})


, {490-495}
.
\par
\par
Zhang, X.; Li, Z. & Hu, C. ({2009}), 
Adaptive focused crawler based on tunneling and link analysis
, }{\i in }{


'11TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ADVANCED COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY, VOLS I-III, PROCEEDINGS,'



, pp. {2225-2230}
.
\par
\par
Zhang, Z.; Du, Y.; Li, C. & Li, H. ({2009}), 
Cooperation among Web crawlers by using Contract Net Protocol
, }{\i in }{

L Qi & JW Zhu, ed., 

'2009 SECOND INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON FUTURE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT ENGINEERING, FITME 2009'



, pp. {85-88}
.
\par
\par
Zhang, Z. & Nasraoui, O. ({2009}), 
'Profile-Based Focused Crawling for Social Media-Sharing Websites', }{\i EURASIP JOURNAL ON IMAGE AND VIDEO PROCESSING}{


.
\par
\par
Zhang, Z.; Nasraoui, O. & Van Zwol, R. ({2009}), 
Exploiting Tags and Social Profiles to Improve Focused Crawling
, }{\i in }{

R BaezaYates; B Berendt; E Bertino; EP Lim & G Pasi, ed., 

'2009 IEEE/WIC/ACM INTERNATIONAL JOINT CONFERENCES ON WEB INTELLIGENCE (WI) AND INTELLIGENT AGENT TECHNOLOGIES (IAT), VOL 1'



, pp. {136-139}
.
\par
\par
Zuo, X.-j. & Zhang, K.-t. ({2010}), 
An Improved Search Algorithm of Focused Crawler in Vertical Search Engine
, }{\i in }{

YX Yang, ed., 

'ASIA-PACIFIC YOUTH CONFERENCE ON COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY 2010 (APYCCT 2010)'



, pp. {509-513}
.
\par
\par
}}